# KUAPAY USER AGREEMENT  

------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
(Updated August 30, 2012): THIS KUAPAY USER AGREEMENT (“AGREEM ENT”) IS A
CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU (“USER”) AND KUAPAY, INC., A DELAWARE CORPORATION
(“KUAPAY”). THIS AGREEMENT GOVERNS YOUR USE OF THE KUAPAY MOBILE PAYMENT
COMMUNICATION SYSTEM (“SYSTEM”). TO USE THE SYSTEM, YOU MUST: (1) BE AT
LEAST EIGHTEEN YEARS OLD AND A RESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANOTHER
ELIGIBLE COUNTRY LISTED ON KUAPAY’S WEBSITE [https://www.kuapay.com][0]
(“KUAPAY’S W EBSITE”); (2) READ, AGREE WITH, AND ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT; AND (3) COMMUNICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS
AGREEMENT BY CLICKING ON THE “SIGN UP” BUTTON. IF YOU DO NOT CLICK ON THE
“SIGN UP” BUTTON, YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO DOWNLOAD THE SYSTEM APPLICATION
(“APPLICATION”) OR ACCESS THE SYSTEM. YOUR USE OF THE SYSTEM ALSO
COMMUNICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT, AS IT MAY BE MODIFIED FROM
TIME TO TIME. THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES THE PROVISIONS BELOW AND THE PROVISIONS
OF KUAPAY’S PRIVACY POLICY (“PRIVACY POLICY”) POSTED AT KUAPAY’S WEBSITE
(WWW.KUAPAY.COM). THE TERMS “YOU” AND “USER” ARE USED INTERCHANGEABLY IN THIS
AGREEMENT, AND THE TERM “SYSTEM” INCLUDES THE “APPLICATION.”

Kuapay reserves the right to modify this Agreement, the Privacy Policy, and
any other applicable Kuapay agreements or policies relating to the System at
any time in its sole and absolute discretion by posting the modifications on
Kuapay’s Website. Your use of the System after the posting of any modification
on Kuapay’s Website constitutes your acceptance of the modification. This
Agreement (including the Privacy Policy), as modified from time to time as
provided in this Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between User and
Kuapay, and there are no oral or written agreements or understandings or
representations and warranties between the parties except as expressly set
forth in this Agreement. You can always find the most recent, updated version
of this Agreement on Kuapay’s Website (www.kuapay.com).

[0]: https://www.kuapay.com                                       "kuapay.com"


### System

------------------------------------------------------------------------------  

The System consists of Kuapay’s proprietary computer software and all
software, hardware, technology, and documentation that Kuapay supplies in
connection with delivery of its services to you, including, without
limitation, all source code, object code, algorithms, ideas, and intellectual
property rights therein. Kuapay may modify or upgrade the System at any time
and from time to time in its sole and absolute discretion. The System allows
you to encrypt selected credit card and debit card information and store it
on Kuapay’s host servers. You then can access this encrypted information for
point of sale transactions with providers of goods and services. Your purchase
transactions themselves are processed by the sellers (“Vendors”) of the goods
and services that you purchase and by your credit card and debit card
providers (“Card Providers”) that ultimately bill you for your purchases.
Kuapay does not process the purchase transaction itself. The System provides
you with access to your encrypted card information and a means of
communication among you, Vendors, and (indirectly through Vendors) Card
Providers. If you wish, you can create and access an encrypted purchase
transaction log or register (“Personal Transaction Log”) and store it on
Kuapay’s host servers. Kuapay is not responsible for any of the products or
services that you purchase using a credit card or debit card that you access
with the System. Complaints regarding products or services must be directed to
the Vendor, and you may have certain rights with respect to the Card Provider
pursuant to your agreement with the Card Provider or under applicable law.
Kuapay is an independent contractor for all purposes of the services that it
provides to you, Vendors, and Card Providers. Kuapay may modify or update the
System at any time and from time to time in its sole and absolute discretion.



### License  

------------------------------------------------------------------------------  

Kuapay hereby grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited
license (“License”) to use the System (which includes the Application) for
personal use on a computer or a “smartphone” or other mobile device (“Mobile
Device") in accordance with this Agreement. Your use of the System is strictly
limited to use of your computer or Mobile Device for the purpose of accessing
your credit card or debit card information to facilitate or review mobile
payments (“Mobile Payments”) for goods and services with those credit cards
and debit cards for which you activate access via the System. Any other use of
the License or the System is strictly prohibited, and you may not grant any
third party permission to use the System on your behalf or otherwise. You
shall not copy, modify, adapt, sell, license, distribute, share, decompile,
decipher, or reverse engineer the System. Extended inactivity may result in a
suspension or termination of your License without notice. Mobile Payment with
the System is available only at certain locations, and Kuapay reserves the
right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to add or delete locations at any
time.

Kuapay, Inc., Kuapay, the Kuapay logo, the graphics, icons, and the scripts
used in connection with the System on your computer or Mobile Device, Kuapay’s
Website, or elsewhere are trade dress, service marks, trademarks, or
registered trademarks of Kuapay, Inc. The System, Kuapay’s Website, and their
contents are protected by trade dress, copyright, service mark, trademark,
patent (U.S. P.T.O. Application No. 13100200 pending), trade secret, and other
laws, and by international treaties and other intellectual property protections.



### Confidential Information  

------------------------------------------------------------------------------  

The System allows you to encrypt limited confidential information
(“Confidential Information”) via Kuapay’s Website or your Mobile Device for
storage on Kuapay’s host servers, including the names of Card Providers and
the corresponding credit and debit card numbers, card types, card expiration
dates, card security codes, your name, and card billing address. The System
requires your e-mail address and browser type, neither of which is encrypted.
You also may encrypt, store, and access a Personal Transaction Log. The
Confidential Information that the System encrypts is encrypted before it
reaches Kuapay’s host servers, where it is stored in an encrypted format.
Kuapay has expended considerable time, effort, and resources to maintain the
security of your encrypted Confidential Information, but Kuapay cannot and does
not guarantee that your Confidential Information is impervious to all breaches
of security through interception, hacking, or other means. Operation of the
System and Kuapay’s host servers may be interfered with by numerous factors
 beyond Kuapay’s control, and Vendors and Card Providers cannot process a
Mobile Payment without identifying your actual, unencrypted name, card type,
card number, card expiration date, card security code, and billing address. By
using the System, you consent to the transmission of Confidential Information
to Kuapay and authorize Kuapay and its agents to store your Confidential
Information and permit Vendor and Card Provider access to it as necessary to
facilitate Mobile Payments. Kuapay’s use of your Confidential Information is
subject to the Privacy Policy. You also authorize Vendors and Card Providers to
receive, record, and process your Confidential Information, encrypted and
unencrypted, as necessary to facilitate Mobile Payments. Card Providers, and
some Vendors, will have their own privacy policies regarding your Confidential
Information.

You shall immediately notify Kuapay and the applicable Card Provider of any
inaccurate, unauthorized, or fraudulent Mobile Payment transaction or any
breach of security (such as use of your PIN). Do not share your PIN. You are
responsible for all transactions made in whole or in part with the System.
Kuapay shall not be responsible for any losses arising out of the loss or
theft of Confidential Information or from inaccurate, unauthorized, or
fraudulent Mobile Payment transactions. Your liability for inaccurate,
unauthorized, or fraudulent Mobile Payment transactions is governed by your
agreement with the applicable Card Provider. Your sole remedy against Kuapay
with respect to any inaccurate, unauthorized, or fraudulent Mobile Payment
transaction is to discontinue use of the System and not make any further Mobile
Payments using the System.



### Acceptable Use  

------------------------------------------------------------------------------  

Under no circumstance shall you use the System for any purpose other than to
facilitate an authorized Mobile Payment. You shall not use the System in any
manner that (1) is unauthorized, deceptive, fraudulent, or unlawful, or that
gives rise to civil liability, (2) uses technology or other means to
improperly access Kuapay, any Vendor, or any Card Provider, (3) facilitates
the use of any automated system, such as "robots," "spiders" or "offline
readers" to access Kuapay, any Vendor, or any Card Provider, (4) attempts to
introduce spam, viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or any other computer codes,
files, or programs that damage, disable, overburden, interrupt, impair,
limit, or interfere with the functionality of any computer or
telecommunications software, hardware, or network, (5) attempts to gain
unauthorized access to Kuapay’s host servers, computer networks, or user
accounts, (6) violates this Agreement, (7) attempts to damage, disable,
overburden, interrupt, impair, limit, or interfere with Kuapay’s servers or
networks, or (9) attempts to modify the code or functionality of the System.
In the event of any of the foregoing activities, Kuapay shall have the right,
in its sole and absolute discretion and without notice, to suspend or
terminate your License to use the System, but Kuapay shall have no obligation
to do so and Kuapay shall not be responsible for any failure or delay in doing
so or taking any other action. Nothing contained in this Agreement or the
Privacy Policy supersedes or limits your obligations under any agreement you
may have with a Card Provider, including obligations regarding granting
permission to third parties to use your credit card or debit card, and you
shall comply at all times with those obligations. If you grant permission to
another person to use the System to access your stored credit card or debit
card information in violation of this Agreement or your agreement with a Card
Provider, you do so at your own risk. The granting of such permission shall
not relieve you of your responsibilities under this Agreement, and the person
to whom you have granted permission also shall be bound by this Agreement.
You are responsible for all payments, fees, interest, penalties and similar
charges relating to your credit cards and debit cards. You are responsible
for all fees and charges imposed by your Internet and Mobile Device providers.
Vendors, not you, pay Kuapay a transactional fee for Mobile Payment transaction
made with the System. 



### Notices  

------------------------------------------------------------------------------  

You agree that Kuapay may provide notice to you of any matter involving the
System, the License, or this Agreement (including the Privacy Policy) by
posting it on Kuapay’s Website or by sending you an e-mail at the e-mail
address you use in connection with the System. Notice posted on Kuapay’s
Website shall be deemed effective 24 hours after it is posted. It is your
responsibility to visit Kuapay’s Website on a regular basis to obtain notices
and the latest updates of this Agreement, including the Privacy Policy. You
shall send notices, including notices regarding complaints, to Kuapay by U.S.
Mail addressed to Kuapay, Inc., Attention: Legal Department, 201 Wilshire
Boulevard, Second Floor, Santa Monica, California 90401. Kuapay’s telephone
number for complaints only is: (424) 209-7126.



### Disclaimer of Warranties  

------------------------------------------------------------------------------  

KUAPAY IS PROVIDING THE SYSTEM TO THE USER "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS,
IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY WARRANTY. USER ASSUMES THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY
AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SYSTEM. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, KUAPAY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS,
IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. KUAPAY DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE THAT (1) THE
SYSTEM WILL OPERATE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED BASIS, OR (2) THE SECURITY OF YOUR
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION WILL NOT BE BREACHED, OR (3) CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
TRANSMITTED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SYSTEM (INCLUDING AS PART OF A MOBILE
PAYMENT TRANSACTION) WILL BE SUCCESSFULLY, ACCURATELY, OR SECURELY
TRANSMITTED. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE SYSTEM
IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU ALONE ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY
DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER, MOBILE DEVICE, OR STORED DATA AS A RESULT OF SUCH
DOWNLOADING OR RECEIPT OR YOUR USE OF THE SYSTEM, INCLUDING ALL REPAIR AND
REPLACEMENT COSTS. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT PERMIT SOME OR ALL OF THE FOREGOING
DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTY, SO SOME OR ALL OF THEM MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOU MAY
HAVE OTHER RIGHTS, WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.



### Limitation of Liability  

------------------------------------------------------------------------------  

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, A NEGLIGENT ACT, SHALL KUAPAY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILATES BE
LIABLE TO THE USER OR ANY THIRD PARTY (1) BASED ON THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF
THE SYSTEM, INCLUDING PERFORMANCE OF A MOBILE PAYMENT TRANSACTION THAT
INVOLVES THE USE OF THE SYSTEM AT ANY STAGE OF THE TRANSACTION, OR (2) BASED
ON A BREACH OF SECURITY OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, A
COMPUTER, OR A MOBILE DEVICE, OR (3) FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY (PUNITIVE) DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOST PROFITS, LOSS, THEFT, OR CORRUPTION OF
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, THE INABILITY TO USE THE SYSTEM, OR COMPUTER OR
MOBILE DEVICE FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION.

NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL USER OR ANY THIRD PARTY BE
ENTITLED TO ANY DAMAGES REMEDY OTHER THAN DIRECT, ACTUAL DAMAGES, THE TOTAL
AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF WHICH DAMAGES SHALL NOT EXCEED U.S. $10.00, REGARDLESS
OF WHETHER THE DAMAGES ARE BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTE, OR
ANOTHER BASIS.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ALL OF THE LIMITATIONS CONTAINED IN THE
PRECEDING TWO PARAGRAPHS OF THIS “LIMITATION OF LIABILITIES” SECTION (1) ARE
FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT KUAPAY WOULD NOT PROVIDE THE
SYSTEM OR THE LICENSE TO YOU WITHOUT THEM, AND (2) APPLY REGARDLESS OF
WHETHER THE REMEDY SOUGHT IS BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTE, OR
OTHERWISE.

APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT PERMIT SOME OR ALL OF THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF
LIABILITY, SO SOME OR ALL OF THEM MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOU MAY HAVE OTHER
RIGHTS, WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.



### Indemnification  

------------------------------------------------------------------------------  

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, upon demand by Kuapay, the
User shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Kuapay and its affiliates, and
their respective officers, directors, managers, employees, agents,
contractors, and representatives free and forever harmless from and against
any and all claims, demands, actions, causes of action, damages, liabilities,
judgments, costs, expenses (including attorneys' fees), fines, and penalties
that arise from or relate to the User's use or misuse of the System, violation
of this Agreement, or violation of the rights of any third party. Kuapay
reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter
subject to indemnification by the User, in which event the User shall
cooperate with Kuapay in the defense of the matter.



### Governing Law, Jurisdiction, and Venue  

------------------------------------------------------------------------------  

This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of California, United
States of America, without regard to California’s conflict of law rules. The
User consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in
Los Angeles County, California, United States of America, in the event of any
legal proceeding relating to or arising from this Agreement or the System.



### Termination Miscellaneous  

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

You or Kuapay may terminate your use of the System for any reason at any time
without notice. No provision of this Agreement is intended to be for the
benefit of or enforceable by any third party. If any provision of this
Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be
struck and the remaining provisions shall be enforced.


